---
layout: post
date: 2020-07-30 13:52:00 +0900
title: '[영어넘모어려워] 잉글리시 폰콜 패턴 #1'
categories:
  - english
tags:
  - english
  - noteasy
  - perfect25
---

* Kramdown table of contents
{:toc .toc}

## 2020-08-05

### to put on

to place on oneself (usually said of clothes).

- Mary put on her coat and left the room.
- Put your hat on before you leave the house.
- Hey! you want me to put on a mask?
- It's cold outside so please put on your winter jacket.

### to take off

to remove (usually said of clothes)

- John took off his jacket as he entered the office.
- Take your sweater off. the room is very warm.
- Hey! can you breath? if not, take off your mask.
- Take off your shoes when you get in my house.

### to call up

to telephone: also known as to give someone a call

- I forgot to call up Mr.jones yesterday. I'd better call him now.
- I promise to give you a call as soon as I arrive in New York.
- If you wanna call her up, then do it.
- I am able to call up the patient.

## 2020-08-04

### to get in/to get on

to get in is used for cars : to get on is used for all other forms of transportation.

#### EXAMPLES

- It's easiest to get in the car from the driver's side.
- I always get on the bus to work at 34th Street.

#### YOUR EXAMPLES

- Let's get in the car.
- You have to get on the bus because you're late.

### to get out of/to get off

to get out of is used for cars : to get off is used for all other forms of transportation.

#### EXAMPLES

- Why don't we stop and get out of the car for a while?
- Helen got off the train at the 42nd Street terminal.

#### YOUR EXAMPLES

- Get out of the car.
- You have to get off this ship before it explodes.

### I’ve decided to + verb (base form) + object

are stating that you have made a decision or come to a conclusion.

#### EXAMPLES

- I've decided to accept the job.
- I've decided to complete my degree.
- I've decided to change my bad habits.

#### YOUR EXAMPLES

- I have decided to move.
- I have decided to eat something.
- I have decided to become buff.

### I didn’t mean to + verb (base form) + object

you are informing someone that you did something you regret or are sorry for : this could have been a physical, mental or verbal action.

#### EXAMPLES

- I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
- I didn't mean to call you so late.
- I didn't mean to hit your arm.

#### YOUR EXAMPLES

- I didn't mean to interrupt you.
- I didn't mean to offend you.
- I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you.
