---
layout: post
date: 2020-07-03 10:52:00 +0900
title: '[영어넘모어려워] 잉글리시 폰콜 예습/복습 #1'
categories:
  - english
tags:
  - english
  - noteasy
  - perfect25
---

* Kramdown table of contents
{:toc .toc}

## 발음 연습

- engineer[en-juh-neer]: 기술자, 공학자
- cupboard[kuhb-erd]: 찬장, 벽장
- simulate[sim-yuh-leyt]: …을 가장하다, …인 체하다, …을 흉내내다
- ethiopia[ee-thee-oh-pee-uh]: 이디오피아
- wales[weylz]: 웨일스
- ancestor[an-ses-ter]: 조상, 선조, 시조
- elder[el-der]: 노인, 어른, 연장자, 장로
- astrology[uh-strol-uh-jee]: 점성술, 점성학
- strategy[strat-i-jee]: 전략, 방법, 계획
- nickname[nik-neym]: 별명, 명명하다
- westernized[wes-ter-nahyzt]: 서양화된
- royal[roi-uhl]: 왕실의, 로열, 왕족
- careful[kair-fuhl]: 조심스러운, 주의깊은, 철저한, 신경을 쓰는
- reduce[ri-doos]: 줄이다, 감소시키다, 줄어들다, 축소하다, 낮추다
- genre[zhahn-ruh]: 장르
- horror[hawr-er]: 공포, 무서움, 참상, 호러
- magnificent[mag-nif-uh-suhnt]: 멋진, 아름다운, 훌륭한, 웅장한, 장엄한
- tailer[tey-ler]: 맞추다, 재단사, 제작하다
- influence[in-floo-uhns]: 영향, 요인, 변화, 결과, 작용
- fashionable[fash-uh-nuh-buhl]: 멋있는, 유행의, 패션 감각이 있는
- flexible[flek-suh-buhl]: 유연한, 신축성 있는, 탄력적인, 융통성 있는, 적응성 있는
- platform[plat-fawrm]: 플랫폼, 기반, 승강장, 정강, 연단
- innovation[in-uh-vey-shuh n]: 혁신, 획기적인
- arduous[ahr-joo-uhs]: 힘드는, 고된, 분투적인
- harrowing[har-oh-ing]: 고뇌를 주는, 약탈, 비참한
- haven[hey-vuh n]: 항구, 피난처, 안식처
- vocabulary[voh-kab-yuh-ler-ee]: 어휘, 단어
- convenient: 편리한, 간편한, 손쉬운, 알맞은
- prefer[pri-fer]: 선호하다, 좋아하다, like better

## 어휘(?) 단어

- artillery: (noun) 대포, 포병, large guns that are used to shoot over a great distance.
  - EXAMPLE: The troops were being bombarded by artillery.
- medic: (noun) 의사, 수련의, 의대생, a person who does medical work.
  - EXAMPLE: A third medic, Pedro Adorno, was out front and he joined them.
- supply: (noun) 공급하다, 비축물자, the amount of something that is available to be used.
  - EXAMPLE: He bought a month's supply of cigarettes.
- passage: (noun) 통과, 통로, 구절, 통행, 결과, a portion or section of a written work; a paragraph, verse, etc.
  - EXAMPLE: One of the rites of passage for every young political reporter is to listen to the elders tell stories about campaigns past.
- mythology: (noun) 신화, 신화학, 신화집, the myths of a particular group or culture.
  - EXAMPLE: We have been studying ancient Greek mythology.
- occupation: (noun) 직업, 점령, the work that a person does : a person's job or profession.
  - EXAMPLE: He is thinking about changing occupations and becoming a police officer.
- biography: (noun) 전기, 자서전, 약력, the story of a real person's life written by someone other than that person.
  - EXAMPLE: There is a new biography book of Abraham Lincoln.
- legend: (noun) 전설, 신화, 전설적 인물, a story from the past that is believed by many people but cannot be proved to be true.
  - EXAMPLE: I don't believe the legends I've heard about this forest.
- autobiography: (noun) 자서전, 전기, a biography written by the person it is about.
  - EXAMPLE: I read her autobiography last year.
- proud: (adjective) 자랑스러운, 자신감이 강한, 당당한, very happy and pleased because of something you have done, something you own, someone you know or are related to, etc.
  - EXAMPLE: They are the proud parents of a hero.
- personality: (noun) 성격, 사람, 인성, 개성, 인격, the set of emotional qualities, ways of behaving, etc., that makes a person different from other people.
  - EXAMPLE: He has a very pleasant/strong personality.
- westernize: (verb) 서양화하다, 서구풍으로 하다, to cause (someone or something) to have the qualities or characteristics that are associated with Western Europe and North America.
  - EXAMPLE: He decided to westernize his name after moving from Japan to Canada.
- advice: (noun) 조언, 충고, 도움, 권고, 지시, an opinion or suggestion about what someone should do.
  - EXAMPLE: My advice is to sell your old car and get a new one.
- warn: (verb) 경고하다, 주의하다, 조심시키다, 충고하다, to tell (someone) about possible danger or trouble.
  - EXAMPLE: I had been warned about the difficulties of the job.
- diet: (noun) 식단, 다이어트, 음식, 식생활, 식이 요법, the food that a person or animal usually eats.
  - EXAMPLE: Diets that are rich in fruits and vegetables have been shown to help prevent disease.
- fluent: (adjective) 유창한, 능통한, 구사하는, able to speak a language easily and very well.
  - EXAMPLE: I am fluent in English.
- typical: (adjective) 전형적인, 일반적인, 평범한, 특유한, normal for a person, thing, or group : average or usual.
  - EXAMPLE: It was typical of her to be late.
- custom: (noun) 세관, 관습, 풍습, 맞춤의, 문화, an action or way of behaving that is usual and traditional among the people in a particular group or place.
  - EXAMPLE: It is the custom for the bride to wear a white dress on her wedding day.
- elder: (adjective) 노인, 어른, 연장자, 장로, 고참, of greater age : older.
  - EXAMPLE:  Elder is usually used to describe people who are members of the same family.
- astrology: (noun) 점성술, 점성학, the study of how the positions of the stars and movements of the planets have a supposed influence on events and on the lives and behavior of people.
  - EXAMPLE: I want to buy an astrology book.
- unprecedented: (adjective) 전례 없는, 유례없는, 엄청난, 이례적, not done or experienced before.
  - EXAMPLE: The team has enjoyed unprecedented success this year.
- adapt: (verb) 적응하다, 변화, 적용, 각색하다, 익숙해지다, to change your behavior so that it is easier to live in a particular place or situation.
  - EXAMPLE: When children go to a different school, it usually takes them a while to adapt.
- empowering: (verb) 몸에 기를 불어넣어줌, 동기를 부여함, to give power to (someone).
  - EXAMPLE: His attorney was empowered to act on his behalf.
- brutal: (adjective) 잔인한, 무자비한, 폭력적인, 야만적인, extremely cruel or harsh.
  - EXAMPLE: Sailors sometimes faced brutal punishments like whipping.
- hardship: (noun) 고난, 어려움, 궁핍, 고생, pain and suffering.
  - EXAMPLE: He had suffered through considerable/great hardship.
- famine: (noun) 기근, 기아, 굶주림, a situation in which many people do not have enough food to eat.
  - EXAMPLE: The famine affected half the continent.
- virtual: (adjective) 가상의, 실질적인, 인터넷의, very close to being something without actually being it.
  - EXAMPLE: The country is ruled by a virtual dictator.
- hobby: (noun) 취미, an activity that a person does for pleasure when not working.
  - EXAMPLE: She collects stamps as a hobby.
- online: (adjective) 온라인의, 접속되어, connected to a computer, a computer network, or the Internet.
  - EXAMPLE: The city libraries are all online.

## 오늘의 단어

- catalyst[kat-l-ist]: (noun) 촉매, 기폭제, 자극, a person or thing that precipitates an event or change.
  - EXAMPLE: His imprisonment by the government served as the catalyst that helped transform social unrest into revolution.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Catalyst was originally (at the beginning of the 20th century) a technical term used in chemistry, meaning “a substance that causes or accelerates a chemical reaction without itself being affected.” By the early 1940s, the English poet and critic Sir Herbert Read extended the sense to a poet as a person who precipitates an event or change: “The catalyst [the poet] is unchanged, unabsorbed; its activity therefore not acknowledged.” Catalyst is irregularly formed from the Greek noun katálysis “dissolution, tearing down (especially of governments), a derivative of the verb katalýein “to pull down, destroy, dissolve (a political system), and the (originally Greek) agent suffix –ist. Katalýein is a compound of the Greek preposition and prefix katá, kata– “down, against, back” (usually spelled cata– in English) and the simple verb lýein “to loose, untie, release, solve, resolve.”

- staycation[stey-key-shuhn]: (noun) 집에서 즐기는 휴가, a vacation spent at home or near home, doing enjoyable activities or visiting local attractions.
  - EXAMPLE: As relatively new residents of Philadelphia, we’re planning a staycation in our new hometown.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Staycation, a portmanteau word, as Lewis Carroll would call it, formed from stay and vacation, is associated with the Great Recession of 2007–09. Actually, staycation is considerably older: It was originally an Americanism, and it first appeared in print in 1944, in the middle of World War II, when gasoline and automobile tires (among much else) were strictly rationed.

- posterity[po-ster-i-tee]: (noun) 후세, 후손, succeeding or future generations collectively.
  - EXAMPLE: Judgment of this age must be left to posterity.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Posterity “future generations” is a straightforward word. It comes from Middle English posterite, posteriti “a person’s offspring, a family’s successive generations,” partly from Old French posterite, and partly from Latin posteritās (stem posteritāt-), which has the same meanings as in Old French and Middle English. Posteritās is a derivative of the adjective posterus “future, later”; its plural, posterī, means “one’s descendants; future generations.” Latin posterior “later, later of two, younger” is the comparative of posterus, and is familiar enough in English (the humorous, colloquial noun posterior or posteriors in the sense “buttocks” originated within English in the early 17th century; the sense does not exist in Latin). Posterity entered English in the 14th century.

- kaput[kah-poot]: (adjective) 구식의, 폐허가 된, 끝장이 난, ruined; done for; demolished.
  - EXAMPLE: The business of a woman I know has gone kaput and 15 employees are facing the sack.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The adjective kaput “ruined, done for; out of order,” is used only in predicate position, not in attributive position; that is, you can only say “My car is kaput,” but not “I’ve got a kaput car.” Kaput comes from the German colloquial adjective kaputt “broken, done for, out of order, (of food) spoiled,” which was taken from the German idiom capot machen, a partial translation of the French idioms faire capot and être capot, “to win (or lose) all the tricks (in the card game piquet).” Faire capot literally means “to make a bonnet or hood,” and its usage in piquet may be from an image of throwing a hood over, or hoodwinking one’s opponent. Unsurprisingly, kaput became widely used in English early in World War I.

- discomfiture[dis-kuhm-fi-cher]: (noun) 실패, 당황, 패배, the state of being disconcerted; confusion; embarrassment.
  - EXAMPLE: She had her cry out, a good, long cry; and when much weeping had dulled the edge of her discomfiture she began to reflect that all was not yet lost.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Discomfiture comes from Middle English desconfiture, discomfitoure, discomfiture (and many other spelling variants) “the fact of being defeated in battle; the act of defeating in battle.” One of the first occurrences of the word is in Chaucer’s The Canterbury Tales (after 1387). The Middle English word comes from Old French desconfiture “a defeat, a rout.” The English sense “frustration of hopes or plans,” weakened to “confusion” or “embarrassment,” occurs at the beginning of the 15th century.

- ductile[duhk-tl]: (adjective) 전성이 있는, 두들겨 펼 수 있는, 말랑한, capable of being molded or shaped; plastic.
  - EXAMPLE: Ductile and sensuous, paint hugs the flat photographic forms of Leiter’s nudes in a tailor-made mantle.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The adjective ductile, “capable of being molded or shaped; plastic,” comes from Middle English ductil, “beaten out or shaped with a hammer,” from Old French ductile or Latin ductilis, “capable of being led along a course; malleable, ductile.” Ductilis is a derivative of duct-, the past participle stem of the verb dūcere “to draw along with, conduct, lead,” one of the verb’s dozens of meanings being the relatively rare “to model or mold material; draw out (metal) into wire.” In modern technical usage, ductile is restricted to “capable of being drawn out into wire or threads,” a quality of the noble metals such as silver and gold; malleable in technical usage covers the sense “capable of being hammered or rolled out into thin sheets,” another quality of the noble metals. Ductile entered English in the 14th century.

- repudiate[ri-pyoo-dee-eyt]: (verb) 부인하다, 거절하다, 거부하다, to reject with disapproval or condemnation.
  - EXAMPLE: States as well as individuals must repudiate racial, religious, or other discrimination in violation of those rights.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Repudiate comes straight from Latin repudiāt-, the past participle stem of repudiāre “to reject formally (as a prospective husband or wife), divorce, reject,” a derivative of the noun repudium. Repudium is derived from the prefix re-, completely naturalized in English, indicating repetition or withdrawal, and the verb pudēre “to fill with shame, make ashamed.” From pudēre Latin derives the adjectives impudēns (inflectional stem impudent-) “shameless,” English impudent, and pudendus “of what one ought to be ashamed, disgraceful.” Repudiate entered English in the 16th century.

- vox populi[voks pop-yuh-lahy]: (noun) 여론, 서민의 소리, 민중의 소리, the voice of the people; popular opinion.
  - EXAMPLE: In 1972, Democrats made their process more plebiscitary—more primaries, less influence for political professionals—to elicit and echo the vox populi.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The phrase vox populi comes straight from Latin vōx populī “voice of the people.” Vōx (inflectional stem vōc-) is the source of English vocal and vowel, via Old French vouel, from Latin (littera) vōcālis “sounding (letter).” Populī is the genitive singular of the noun populus, the collective name for the Roman citizen body, excluding women, children, foreigners, and slaves. The phrase vōx populī does not occur in Latin literature and only first appears in a letter that the great Anglo-Saxon scholar Alcuin wrote to Charlemagne in 798, not to pay heed to those who insist that vōx populī vōx Deī “the voice of the people is the voice of God” because the populace is too unstable–a sentiment the Romans would agree with entirely. In later English history (after Alcuin), vōx populī vōx Deī is favorable, a notable example being the title of a Whig tract entitled Vox Populi, Vox Dei: being true Maxims of Government (1710). The abbreviated phrase vox pop “the views of the majority of people, popular opinion” appears in the first half of the 18th century. Nowadays vox pop means “popular opinion as shown by comments made to the media by members of the public.” Vox populi entered English in the mid-16th century.

- egalitarian[ih-gal-i-tair-ee-uhn]: (adjective) 평등주의의, 평등주의자, asserting, resulting from, or characterized by belief in the equality of all people, especially in political, economic, or social life.
  - EXAMPLE: If we do not learn the lessons of history and choose a radically different path forward, we may lose our last chance at creating a truly inclusive, egalitarian democracy.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The English adjective and noun egalitarian “asserting, resulting from, or characterized by belief in the equality of all people, especially in political, economic, or social life,“ comes from the French adjective and noun égalitaire of the same meaning. Égalitaire is a derivative of the noun égalité “equality,” but in English égalité is usually used in allusion to the French Revolutionary motto liberté, égalité, fraternité “liberty, equality, fraternity.” (Égalité first appears in English in 1794 in a letter written by vice president John Adams to his wife Abigail: “I hope my old Friend, will never meet the Fate of another Preacher of Égalité, who was I fear almost as sincere as himself.”) Égalité is a derivative of the adjective égal, from the Latin adjective aequālis “equal (in amount, size, duration, etc.), symmetrical, uniform, contemporary” (as a noun, aequālis means “a person of the same age as another, a contemporary, a person of equal rank or ability.” Egalitarian entered English in the late 19th century.

- hitherto[hith-er-too]: 지금까지, 여기까지, 지금까지는, up to this time; until now.
  - EXAMPLE: The attention suddenly lavished on this hitherto obscure doctrine is surprising, but heartening, to anyone who has long labored in the civil-rights field.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The adverb hitherto, “up to this time or place,” comes from Middle English hiderto; the modern spelling with th replacing d first appears in Wycliffe’s Bible (1382). Hitherto seems to have completely replaced hiderto by the time of Tyndale’s translation of the Bible in 1526. Hiderto first appears in English in the first half of the 13th century.

## 교정 2020-07-17

[✘] We watch two movie.
[✔︎] We watched two movies.

[✘] I have plan to make dinner.
[✔︎] I had plans making dinner.

[✘] Maybe I forgot that.
[✔︎] Maybe I forgot to season it.

[✘] It's gun shooting game.
[✔︎] It's a shooting game.

[✘] This game actually funny.
[✔︎] This game is actually fun to play.

[✘] US people is not intelligence enough.
[✔︎] The Americans are not intelligent enough.

[✘] I have something little worry about.
[✔︎] I am a little bit worried about something.

[✘] That's what I worried about.
[✔︎] That's what I am worried about.

[✘] He visit Philippines many times.
[✔︎] He visits the Philippines many times.

## 교정 2020-07-17

[✘] It’s little bothering.
[✔︎] It’s a little bit of a bother.

[✘] Do you like cook?
[✔︎] Do you like to cook?

[✘] He travel Philippine many many time.
[✔︎] He traveled to the Philippines many times.

[✘] If I write myself, then autobiography.
[✔︎] If I write my own biography, then it’s an autobiography.

[✘] No one interest to my life.
[✔︎] Nobody is interested in my life.

[✘] I was.
[✔︎] I had a pet before.

[✘] If they really kind...
[✔︎] If it’s really kind...

[✘] Any plan has separate from your parents.
[✔︎] Any plan on getting your own place?

[✘] What maximum temperature?
[✔︎] What is the maximum temperature there?

## 교정 2020-07-16

[✘] I watched movie what you really recommendation.
[✔︎] I watched the movies that you have recommended to me.

[✘] Horror movies doesn't scary me anymore.
[✔︎] Horror movies doesn't scare me anymore.

[✘] You're part of them.
[✔︎] You're part of it.

[✘] ...but I quit it soon.
[✔︎] ...but I quit playing it.

[✘] I can't even complete it this game.
[✔︎] I can't even complete this game.

[✘] Give me a time.
[✔︎] Give me some time.

[✘] I'm really confusing this one.
[✔︎] I'm really confused with this one.

[✘] Did you married?
[✔︎] Are you married?

[✘] I don't have plan to have a babies.
[✔︎] I don't have any plan on having babies.

## 교정 2020-07-15

[✘] Something urgent came up to me.
[✔︎] Something urgent came up.

[✘] I didn't ever try many diet.
[✔︎] I haven't tried any kind of diet.

[✘] I'm not interest to eat food.
[✔︎] I'm not that interested in eating food.

[✘] I want to disappear my hunger.
[✔︎] I want to satiate my hunger.

[✘] I eat alone.
[✔︎] I eat it alone sometimes.

[✘] Finally I found different of us.
[✔︎] Finally I found someone different from us.

[✘] You want recommend for you?
[✔︎] You want me to recommend something for you?

[✘] Most food are gonna spicy.
[✔︎] Most food are spicy.

[✘] Someday this will my body.
[✔︎] Someday this will become my body.

## 교정 2020-07-13

[✘] Are you only this job?
[✔︎] Is this your only job?

[✘] I need to learn to English.
[✔︎] I need to learn how to speak English.

[✘] I want to ask what do you usually do when free time or weekend?
[✔︎] I want to ask what do you usually do when you have free time or during the weekends?

[✘] Everyone like movie.
[✔︎] Everyone likes to watch movies.

[✘] I can only watch when I alone.
[✔︎] I can only watch it when I'm alone.

[✘] My eyes ok.
[✔︎] My eyes are ok.

[✘] I think it's gonna boring.
[✔︎] I think it's a boring story.

[✘] I'm still not understand what is wrong.
[✔︎] I still cannot understand what is wrong.

## 교정 2020-07-10

[✘] I love rain.
[✔︎] I love rainy days.

[✘] The man only happiness stay in the house.
[✔︎] The man whose only happiness is to stay at home.

[✘] It just name.
[✔︎] It's just a name.

[✘] He just name Bully.
[✔︎] He is just named Bully.

[✘] The time when they have baby...
[✔︎] During the time that they were pregnant...

[✘] If you want easy to way...
[✔︎] If you want to do the easy way...

[✘] I wasn't ask they.
[✔︎] I didn't ask them.

[✘] It's too difficult pronunciation.
[✔︎] It's too difficult to pronounce.

[✘] What is going to be?
[✔︎] What will happen?

## 교정 2020-07-09

[✘] How is weather there?
[✔︎] How is the weather there?

[✘] I will just sitting my chair.
[✔︎] I will just sit on my chair.

[✘] I cannot speak in my mind.
[✔︎] I cannot express myself clearly.

[✘] Everything is going to okay.
[✔︎] Everything is going to be okay.

[✘] The problem of focus.
[✔︎] The problem is which window is active.

## 교정 2020-07-08

[✘] Wait a minute please, because I have to laundry.
[✔︎] Wait a minute please. I have to do my laundry.

[✘] There's a virus.
[✔︎] The pandemic is still ongoing.

[✘] The president of Brazil has got infected.
[✔︎] The president of Brazil got infected with the coronavirus.

[✘] I think not.
[✔︎] I don't think so.

[✘] Case by case by company.
[✔︎] I think not all companies should follow suit this kind of "new normal" because it's a case to case basis type of thing.

[✘] It's can do in the home.
[✔︎] Not all jobs can be done at home.

## 교정 2020-07-07

[✘] I can't explain my thinking.
[✔︎] I can't explain/express my thoughts.

[✘] What is expression for...?
[✔︎] What is the correct expressions for saying this...?

[✘] I have to some laundry.
[✔︎] I have to do the laundry.

[✘] I'm sad because you told me sad.
[✔︎] I'm sad because you told me about what happened in the story.

[✘] She is escaped from North Korean.
[✔︎] She escaped from North Korea twice.

[✘] He just try keep his own throne.
[✔︎] He is just trying to keep his throne.

## 교정 2020-07-06

[✘] I was very young, 12 years ago.
[✔︎] I took my face to face English lessons when I was 12 years old.

[✘] Mostly, I play video game.
[✔︎] Most of the time, I play video games.

[✘] Sometimes, I like playing games much than watching movies.
[✔︎] I prefer to play games rather than watching movies.

[✘] Yes, I pay these all games.
[✔︎] Yes, I paid for all of these games.

[✘] It's variety.
[✔︎] It varies.

[✘] I was for a long time ago.
[✔︎] I did a long time ago.

## 교정 2020-07-03

[✘] My job fix a lot everything.
[✔︎] My job has to make me fix a lot like everything.

[✘] I need to read some English post, My job is I told you software Engineer so I have to someone writes manual.
[✔︎] I need to read some English posts, instructions. As I told you I'm a software engineer so I have to read and write manuals in English.

[✘] I can't to read perfectly so I need to how read that document.
[✔︎] I can't comprehend the English manual perfectly.4.

[✘] I don't need improve speaking. I'm not going to outside Korea.
[✔︎] I don't need improve my speaking because I'm not going outside Korea.

[✘] I hate travel other country.
[✔︎] I hate travelling in other countries.

[✘] My hobby is video game, watching movie, satisfy my girlfriend, make dinner.
[✔︎] My hobbies are playing video games, watching movies, satisfying my girlfriend and making dinner.

[✘] No, just I have to because my job is only here. I'm hate Seoul because too many people.
[✔︎] No, just I have to because of my job is located here. I hate Seoul because of too many people.

[✘] You're not Manila.
[✔︎] You're not living in Manila.

## 보고서에 없을까봐 메모

- I think not all companies should follow suit this kind of "new normal" because it's a case to case basis type of thing.

## 인용구

- Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion.
- Mere goodness can achieve little against the power of nature.
- To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever.
- Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
- In matters of the heart, nothing is true except the improbable.
- You are remembered for the rules you break.
- To make us love our country, our country ought to be lovely.
- The work of art is a scream of freedom.
- What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.
- Independence is happiness.
