---
layout: post
date: 2020-07-03 10:52:00 +0900
title: '[영어넘모어려워] 잉글리시 폰콜 예습/복습 #2'
categories:
  - english
tags:
  - english
  - noteasy
  - perfect25
---

* Kramdown table of contents
{:toc .toc}

## 발음 연습

- therapy[ther-uh-pee]: 치료, 요법
- domesticate[duh-mes-ti-keyt]: 길들이다, 재배하다
- descendants[dih-sen-duh nts]: 자손, 후손, 후예
- risk[risk]:  위험, 위험요소, 위태롭게 하다
- social[soh-shuh l]: 사회의, 사회적인
- haunted[hawn-tid]: 귀신이 나오는, 겁에 질린, 걱정이 가득한
- protest[proh-test]: 시위, 항의, 반대하다, 저항, 데모
- racism[rey-siz-uh m]: 인종 차별, 인종주의, 민족적 우월감
- society[suh-sahy-i-tee]: 사회, 연구회, 협회, 집단, 계층

## 어휘(?) 단어

- loyal: (adjective) 충실한, 충성스러운, having or showing complete and constant support for someone or something : faithful.
  - EXAMPLE: The team has many loyal fans.
- exotic: (adjective) 이국적인, 외국의, very different, strange, or unusual.
  - EXAMPLE: She's known for her exotic tastes.
- prescribe: (noun) 처방하다, 처방전을 쓰다, 규정하다, to officially tell someone to use (a medicine, therapy, diet, etc.) as a remedy or treatment.
  - EXAMPLE: This drug should not be prescribed to children.
- amusement park: (noun) 놀이공원, a large outdoor area with fairground rides, shows, refreshments, games of chance or skill, and other entertainments.
  - EXAMPLE: I want to go to the amusement park.
- scream: (verb) 비명을 지르다, to suddenly cry out in a loud and high voice because of pain, surprise, etc.
  - EXAMPLE: She screamed when the door suddenly slammed shut.
- roller coaster: (noun) 롤러코스터 a ride at an amusement park which is like a small, open train with tracks that are high off the ground and that have sharp curves and steep hills.
  - EXAMPLE: We went for a ride on the roller coaster.
- matter: (noun) (고려하거나 처리해야 할) 문제, 상황, 사태, 사정, 중요하다; 문제되다 something that is being done, talked about, or thought about.
  - EXAMPLE: He has a few personal matters to deal with.
- spread: (verb) (접혀 있던 것을) 펼치다, (잘 보이도록) 펼치다, 확산, 전파 to open, arrange, or place (something) over a large area.
  - EXAMPLE: The newspaper was spread across his lap.
- worldwide: (adjective) 전 세계적인, happening or existing in all parts of the world.
  - EXAMPLE: News of the attack attracted worldwide attention.

## 오늘의 단어

- sojourn[soh-jurn]: (noun) 체류, 임시 거주, a temporary stay.
  - EXAMPLE: Nevertheless, in this mansion of gloom I now proposed to myself a sojourn of some weeks.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The noun sojourn means “a temporary stay.” The verb sojourn, “to stay for a time, reside temporarily,” has several dozen Middle English spellings: sojournen, sojourni, suggorn, suggeourn, etc. The Middle English forms derive from equally exuberant Old French forms, for example, sejorner, sojorner, sojourneir, sojurner, and Anglo-French forms, for example, sojurner, sujurner. The French forms derive from an unrecorded Vulgar Latin verb subdiurnāre “to stay for a time,” a compound of the preposition and prefix sub, sub-, here meaning “a little, for a while” and the Latin verb diurnāre “to live for a long time,” a derivative of the Latin adjective diurnus “belonging to the daytime, occurring every day.” Sojourn entered English in the 13th century.

- adamantine[ad-uh-man-teen]: (adjective) 철석같은, utterly unyielding or firm in attitude or opinion.
  - EXAMPLE: Her dedication to the pursuit of equality for the masses was adamantine, however.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Adamantine “unyielding in attitude or opinion; too hard to cut, break, or pierce; like a diamond (in luster)” comes from Middle English adama(u)ntin, from the Middle French adjective adamantin (feminine adamantine), from Latin adamantinus “pertaining to diamondlike adamant or steel; resembling diamonds (saxa adamantina), from Greek adamántinos, an adjective derived from the noun adámas (stem adamant-) “steel (the hardest metal); diamond.” The traditional etymology for adámas is the corresponding adjective meaning “unbreakable,” somehow a derivative of damân “to tame, subdue,” with the privative prefix a-; more likely adámas is a loanword from Semitic. Adamantine entered English in the first half of the 13th century.

- rebus[ree-buhs]: (noun) 그림, 글자 조합 수수께끼, a representation of a word or phrase by pictures, symbols, etc., that suggest that word or phrase or its syllables.
  - EXAMPLE: Two gates and a head is a rebus for Gateshead.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: A rebus is a representation of a word or phrase by pictures or symbols suggesting that word or phrase or its syllables. Rebuses were formerly very popular with children in the Sunday funnies. The origin of rebus is disputed, but the most likely source is Latin rēbus “by things,” the ablative plural of the grievously overworked noun rēs “thing, matter, circumstance, affair, property, wealth, etc.” Rēbus is short for nōn verbīs sed rēbus “not by words but by things.” Some French authorities claim that rebus comes from the Latin phrase dē rēbus quae geruntur “concerning the affairs that are going on,” alluding to the satirical pieces composed and performed by the clerks of Picardy (northwest France) in the annual carnival, but this usage is later than attestations of rebus in the sense “puzzle.” Rebus entered English in the early 17th century.

## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-23

[✘] skinny jacket
[✔︎] thin jacket

[✘] They help us relax to our mind.
[✔︎] They help us relax.

[✘] They hair is flying everywhere.
[✔︎] Their hair can get everywhere.

[✘] Looks smart.
[✔︎] They look smart.

[✘] Some fox which is became pet...
[✔︎] Some foxes that became pets...

[✘] They hair is no longer soft.
[✔︎] Their hair is no longer soft.

[✘] I just heard that.
[✔︎] I just heard about that.

[✘] What think I am.
[✔︎] What do I think about it.

[✘] When Cropper has injury.
[✔︎] When Cropper was injured.

## 교정 2020-07-22

[✘] It's like automatic mechanism.
[✔︎] It's like an automatic response.

[✘] Common too here.
[✔︎] It's also common here.

[✘] They like order to delivery food.
[✔︎] They like to order food via delivery.

[✘] You don't drink liquid?
[✔︎] You don't drink alcohol?

[✘] I just want to expression...
[✔︎] I just want to express...

[✘] I just memory it.
[✔︎] I just need to memorize it.

[✘] We don't bow to friends or younger.
[✔︎] We don't normally bow to our friends or someone younger.

[✘] New guy I have never meet.
[✔︎] New person that I have never met before. / stranger

[✘] Are A and B the same means?
[✔︎] Do A and B have the same meaning?

## 교정 2020-07-21

[✘] I agree for them.
[✔︎] I agree with this.

[✘] Every humans lives matter.
[✔︎] Every human's life matters.

[✘] Burn the car.
[✔︎] They burn the cars.

[✘] The black guys, after stolen.
[✔︎] The black guys will burn it after stealing it.

[✘] Koreans underestimate southeast asian.
[✔︎] Koreans usually underestimate southeast asians.

[✘] Related to economy.
[✔︎] It is related to the economy.

[✘] I didn't mean it.
[✔︎] That's not what I mean.

[✘] We need educate more.
[✔︎] We need to be educated more.

[✘] Chinese also difficult.
[✔︎] Chinese is also difficult to learn.

## 인용구

- Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.
- Love has no errors, for all errors are the want for love.
- Metaphors have a way of holding the most truth in the least space.
