---
layout: post
date: 2020-07-03 10:52:00 +0900
title: '[영어] 잉글리시 폰콜 예습/복습 #1'
categories:
  - english
tags:
  - english
  - noteasy
  - perfect25
---

* Kramdown table of contents
{:toc .toc}

## 물어볼 것

- I am interested in labor rights
- unit, single number: 단수
- plural: 복수
- ideology: 이념, 이데올로기, 사상
- 대문자는 언제 쓰는가?
- the의 용도
  > enabling this will write the value of the variables at the end of the run to its current value in the session.

- Can you ask him if we should do this too?
- mean vs means vs meaning

## 새로 배운 단어

- influence[in-floo-uhns]: 영향, 요인, 변화, 결과, 작용
- 담당 선생: designated teacher, assigned teacher
- 수업 시간: class time
- pronunciation: 발음

- tailer[tey-ler]: 맞추다, 재단사, 제작하다
- influence[in-floo-uhns]: 영향, 요인, 변화, 결과, 작용
- fashionable[fash-uh-nuh-buhl]: 멋있는, 유행의, 패션 감각이 있는
- flexible[flek-suh-buhl]: 유연한, 신축성 있는, 탄력적인, 융통성 있는, 적응성 있는
- platform[plat-fawrm]: 플랫폼, 기반, 승강장, 정강, 연단
- innovation[in-uh-vey-shuh n]: 혁신, 획기적인
- arduous[ahr-joo-uhs]: 힘드는, 고된, 분투적인
- harrowing[har-oh-ing]: 고뇌를 주는, 약탈, 비참한
- haven[hey-vuh n]: 항구, 피난처, 안식처
- vocabulary[voh-kab-yuh-ler-ee]: 어휘, 단어
- convenient: 편리한, 간편한, 손쉬운, 알맞은
- prefer[pri-fer]: 선호하다, 좋아하다, like better

- custom: (noun) 세관, 관습, 풍습, 맞춤의, 문화, an action or way of behaving that is usual and traditional among the people in a particular group or place.
  EXAMPLE: It is the custom for the bride to wear a white dress on her wedding day.

- elder: (adjective) 노인, 어른, 연장자, 장로, 고참, of greater age : older.
  EXAMPLE:  Elder is usually used to describe people who are members of the same family.

- astrology: (noun) 점성술, 점성학, the study of how the positions of the stars and movements of the planets have a supposed influence on events and on the lives and behavior of people.
  EXAMPLE: I want to buy an astrology book.

- unprecedented: (adjective) 전례 없는, 유례없는, 엄청난, 이례적, not done or experienced before.
EXAMPLE: The team has enjoyed unprecedented success this year.

- adapt: (verb) 적응하다, 변화, 적용, 각색하다, 익숙해지다, to change your behavior so that it is easier to live in a particular place or situation.
EXAMPLE: When children go to a different school, it usually takes them a while to adapt.

- empowering: (verb) 몸에 기를 불어넣어줌, 동기를 부여함, to give power to (someone).
EXAMPLE: His attorney was empowered to act on his behalf.

- brutal: (adjective) 잔인한, 무자비한, 폭력적인, 야만적인, extremely cruel or harsh.
  EXAMPLE: Sailors sometimes faced brutal punishments like whipping.

- hardship: (noun) 고난, 어려움, 궁핍, 고생, pain and suffering.
  EXAMPLE: He had suffered through considerable/great hardship.

- famine: (noun) 기근, 기아, 굶주림, a situation in which many people do not have enough food to eat.
  EXAMPLE: The famine affected half the continent.

- virtual: (adjective) 가상의, 실질적인, 인터넷의, very close to being something without actually being it.
  EXAMPLE: The country is ruled by a virtual dictator.

- hobby: (noun) 취미, an activity that a person does for pleasure when not working.
  EXAMPLE: She collects stamps as a hobby.

- online: (adjective) 온라인의, 접속되어, connected to a computer, a computer network, or the Internet.
  EXAMPLE: The city libraries are all online.

- vox populi [ voks pop-yuh-lahy ] (noun) — the voice of the people; popular opinion.
EXAMPLE: In 1972, Democrats made their process more plebiscitary—more primaries, less influence for political professionals—to elicit and echo the vox populi.
ORIGIN OF THE WORD:
The phrase vox populi comes straight from Latin vōx populī “voice of the people.” Vōx (inflectional stem vōc-) is the source of English vocal and vowel, via Old French vouel, from Latin (littera) vōcālis “sounding (letter).” Populī is the genitive singular of the noun populus, the collective name for the Roman citizen body, excluding women, children, foreigners, and slaves. The phrase vōx populī does not occur in Latin literature and only first appears in a letter that the great Anglo-Saxon scholar Alcuin wrote to Charlemagne in 798, not to pay heed to those who insist that vōx populī vōx Deī “the voice of the people is the voice of God” because the populace is too unstable–a sentiment the Romans would agree with entirely. In later English history (after Alcuin), vōx populī vōx Deī is favorable, a notable example being the title of a Whig tract entitled Vox Populi, Vox Dei: being true Maxims of Government (1710). The abbreviated phrase vox pop “the views of the majority of people, popular opinion” appears in the first half of the 18th century. Nowadays vox pop means “popular opinion as shown by comments made to the media by members of the public.” Vox populi entered English in the mid-16th century.

- egalitarian[ih-gal-i-tair-ee-uhn]: (adjective) 평등주의의, 평등주의자, asserting, resulting from, or characterized by belief in the equality of all people, especially in political, economic, or social life.
  EXAMPLE: If we do not learn the lessons of history and choose a radically different path forward, we may lose our last chance at creating a truly inclusive, egalitarian democracy.
  ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The English adjective and noun egalitarian “asserting, resulting from, or characterized by belief in the equality of all people, especially in political, economic, or social life,“ comes from the French adjective and noun égalitaire of the same meaning. Égalitaire is a derivative of the noun égalité “equality,” but in English égalité is usually used in allusion to the French Revolutionary motto liberté, égalité, fraternité “liberty, equality, fraternity.” (Égalité first appears in English in 1794 in a letter written by vice president John Adams to his wife Abigail: “I hope my old Friend, will never meet the Fate of another Preacher of Égalité, who was I fear almost as sincere as himself.”) Égalité is a derivative of the adjective égal, from the Latin adjective aequālis “equal (in amount, size, duration, etc.), symmetrical, uniform, contemporary” (as a noun, aequālis means “a person of the same age as another, a contemporary, a person of equal rank or ability.” Egalitarian entered English in the late 19th century.

- hitherto[hith-er-too]: 지금까지, 여기까지, 지금까지는, up to this time; until now.
  EXAMPLE: The attention suddenly lavished on this hitherto obscure doctrine is surprising, but heartening, to anyone who has long labored in the civil-rights field.
  ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The adverb hitherto, “up to this time or place,” comes from Middle English hiderto; the modern spelling with th replacing d first appears in Wycliffe’s Bible (1382). Hitherto seems to have completely replaced hiderto by the time of Tyndale’s translation of the Bible in 1526. Hiderto first appears in English in the first half of the 13th century.

## 교정 2020-07-06



## 교정 2020-07-06



## 교정 2020-07-06



## 교정 2020-07-09

[✘] How is weather there?
[✔︎] How is the weather there?

[✘] I will just sitting my chair.
[✔︎] I will just sit on my chair.

[✘] I cannot speak in my mind.
[✔︎] I cannot express myself clearly.

[✘] Everything is going to okay.
[✔︎] Everything is going to be okay.

[✘] The problem of focus.
[✔︎] The problem is which window is active.

## 교정 2020-07-08

[✘] Wait a minute please, because I have to laundry.
[✔︎] Wait a minute please. I have to do my laundry.

[✘] There's a virus.
[✔︎] The pandemic is still ongoing.

[✘] The president of Brazil has got infected.
[✔︎] The president of Brazil got infected with the coronavirus.

[✘] I think not.
[✔︎] I don't think so.

[✘] Case by case by company.
[✔︎] I think not all companies should follow suit this kind of "new normal" because it's a case to case basis type of thing.

[✘] It's can do in the home.
[✔︎] Not all jobs can be done at home.

## 교정 2020-07-07

[✘] I can't explain my thinking.
[✔︎] I can't explain/express my thoughts.

[✘] What is expression for...?
[✔︎] What is the correct expressions for saying this...?

[✘] I have to some laundry.
[✔︎] I have to do the laundry.

[✘] I'm sad because you told me sad.
[✔︎] I'm sad because you told me about what happened in the story.

[✘] She is escaped from North Korean.
[✔︎] She escaped from North Korea twice.

[✘] He just try keep his own throne.
[✔︎] He is just trying to keep his throne.

## 교정 2020-07-06

[✘] I was very young, 12 years ago.
[✔︎] I took my face to face English lessons when I was 12 years old.

[✘] Mostly, I play video game.
[✔︎] Most of the time, I play video games.

[✘] Sometimes, I like playing games much than watching movies.
[✔︎] I prefer to play games rather than watching movies.

[✘] Yes, I pay these all games.
[✔︎] Yes, I paid for all of these games.

[✘] It's variety.
[✔︎] It varies.

[✘] I was for a long time ago.
[✔︎] I did a long time ago.

## 교정 2020-07-03

- You said: My job fix a lot everything.
- Better say: My job has to make me fix a lot like everything.

- You said: I need to read some English post, My job is I told you software Engineer so I have to someone writes manual.
- Better say: I need to read some English posts, instructions. As I told you I'm a software engineer so I have to read and write manuals in English.

- You said: I can't to read perfectly so I need to how read that document.
- Better say: I can't comprehend the English manual perfectly.4.

- You said: I don't need improve speaking. I'm not going to outside Korea.
- Better say: I don't need improve my speaking because I'm not going outside Korea.

- You said: I hate travel other country.
- Better say: I hate travelling in other countries.

- You said: My hobby is video game, watching movie, satisfy my girlfriend, make dinner.
- Better say: My hobbies are playing video games, watching movies, satisfying my girlfriend and making dinner.

- You said: No, just I have to because my job is only here. I'm hate Seoul because too many people.
- Better say: No, just I have to because of my job is located here. I hate Seoul because of too many people.

- You said: You're not Manila.
- Better say: You're not living in Manila.

## 보고서에 없을까봐 메모

- I think not all companies should follow suit this kind of "new normal" because it's a case to case basis type of thing.
