---
layout: post
date: 2020-07-03 10:52:00 +0900
title: '[영어넘모어려워] 잉글리시 폰콜 리포트 #2'
categories:
  - english
tags:
  - english
  - noteasy
  - perfect25
---

* Kramdown table of contents
{:toc .toc}

## 발음 연습

- released[ree-leest]: 석방된, 풀려난, 임무가 해제된
- science[sahy-uhns]: 과학
- fiction[fik-shuhn]: 소설
- insurance[in-shoo r-uh ns]: 보험, 보험업
- contract[kon-trakt]: 계약, 계약서, 살인 청부, 줄어들다
- refugee[ref-yoo-jee, ref-yoo-jee]:
- series[seer-eez]: 연속, 연쇄
- horror[hawr-er]: 공포, 공포감, 경악
- flavor[fley-ver]: 풍미, 향미, 맛, 조미료, 양념
- cropper[krop-er]: 농작물을 재배하는 사람, 농작물
- project[proj-ekt]: 과제, 연구 프로젝트, 계획하다
- wolf[woo lf]: 늑대, 게걸스레 먹다
- therapy[ther-uh-pee]: 치료, 요법
- domesticate[duh-mes-ti-keyt]: 길들이다, 재배하다
- descendants[dih-sen-duh nts]: 자손, 후손, 후예
- risk[risk]: 위험, 위험요소, 위태롭게 하다
- social[soh-shuh l]: 사회의, 사회적인
- haunted[hawn-tid]: 귀신이 나오는, 겁에 질린, 걱정이 가득한
- protest[proh-test]: 시위, 항의, 반대하다, 저항, 데모
- racism[rey-siz-uh m]: 인종 차별, 인종주의, 민족적 우월감
- society[suh-sahy-i-tee]: 사회, 연구회, 협회, 집단, 계층

## 어휘(?) 단어

- scary: (adjective) 무서운, 겁나는, causing fear.
  - EXAMPLE: The stranger is scary looking.
- hunt: (verb)  to chase and kill (wild animals) for food or pleasure.
  - EXAMPLE: The wolf was hunting its prey.
- essence: (noun)  the basic nature of a thing : the quality or qualities that make a thing what it is.
  - EXAMPLE: The essence of love is unselfishness.
- basic: (adjective) 기본, 기본적인, 근본, forming or relating to the most important part of something.
  - EXAMPLE: In this class, you will learn the basic principles of chemistry.
- income: (noun) 소득, 수입, money that is earned from work, investments, business, etc.
  - EXAMPLE: Any income from investments must be reported.
- risk: (noun) 위험, 위험 요소, the possibility that something bad or unpleasant (such as an injury or a loss) will happen.
  - EXAMPLE: I prefer not to expose my money to too much risk.
- reticence: (noun)  과묵함, 말수가 적음, the quality of being reticent; reserve.
  - EXAMPLE: That prodigious output may seem to contradict his famous reticence during oral arguments.
- marathon: (noun) 마라톤, a running race that is about 26 miles (42 kilometers) long.
  - EXAMPLE: He ran in a marathon.
- subscribe: (verb) 구독하다, 가입하다, 기부하다, 청약하다, to pay money to get a publication or service regularly.
  - EXAMPLE: Subscribe today and get your first issue free!
- modern: (adjective) 현대의, 근대의, of or relating to the present time or the recent past.
  - EXAMPLE: He's known as the father of modern medicine.
- role: (noun) 역할, the part that someone has in a family, society, or other group.
  - EXAMPLE: She likes to play the role of matchmaker with her friends.
- holy: (adjective) 신성한, 어이쿠, connected to a god or a religion.
  - EXAMPLE: This is a holy temple.
- loyal: (adjective) 충실한, 충성스러운, having or showing complete and constant support for someone or something : faithful.
  - EXAMPLE: The team has many loyal fans.
- exotic: (adjective) 이국적인, 외국의, very different, strange, or unusual.
  - EXAMPLE: She's known for her exotic tastes.
- prescribe: (noun) 처방하다, 처방전을 쓰다, 규정하다, to officially tell someone to use (a medicine, therapy, diet, etc.) as a remedy or treatment.
  - EXAMPLE: This drug should not be prescribed to children.
- amusement park: (noun) 놀이공원, a large outdoor area with fairground rides, shows, refreshments, games of chance or skill, and other entertainments.
  - EXAMPLE: I want to go to the amusement park.
- scream: (verb) 비명을 지르다, to suddenly cry out in a loud and high voice because of pain, surprise, etc.
  - EXAMPLE: She screamed when the door suddenly slammed shut.
- roller coaster: (noun) 롤러코스터 a ride at an amusement park which is like a small, open train with tracks that are high off the ground and that have sharp curves and steep hills.
  - EXAMPLE: We went for a ride on the roller coaster.
- matter: (noun) (고려하거나 처리해야 할) 문제, 상황, 사태, 사정, 중요하다; 문제되다 something that is being done, talked about, or thought about.
  - EXAMPLE: He has a few personal matters to deal with.
- spread: (verb) (접혀 있던 것을) 펼치다, (잘 보이도록) 펼치다, 확산, 전파 to open, arrange, or place (something) over a large area.
  - EXAMPLE: The newspaper was spread across his lap.
- worldwide: (adjective) 전 세계적인, happening or existing in all parts of the world.
  - EXAMPLE: News of the attack attracted worldwide attention.

## 오늘의 단어

- clamber[klam-ber, klam-er]: (verb) 기어오르다, 기어 가다, to climb, using both feet and hands; climb with effort or difficulty.
  - EXAMPLE: He began to clamber as fast as he could out of the enclosed space, his feet scrabbling at the wall and knocking bricks free.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Clamber, “to climb using hands and feet, with effort or difficulty,” comes from Middle English clambren (also clameren, clemeren), possibly a frequentative verb from climben (also clemme, climme, klimbe, clomme) “to climb.” Further etymology is unsatisfying: it has been suggested that clamber is a blend of Old English climban “to climb” and clæmman “to press”; clamber is akin to Old Norse klambra “to hook onto,” and Middle High German klamben and German klammern, both meaning “to clamp tightly.” Clamber entered English in the second half of the 14th century.

- taciturn[tas-i-turn]: (adjective) 뚱한, 말수가 적은, 무뚝뚝한, inclined to silence; reserved in speech; reluctant to join in conversation.
  - EXAMPLE: She has often been painted as a taciturn loner.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Taciturn ultimately derives from Latin taciturnus “keeping silent, saying nothing, silent by habit or disposition,” a derivative of tacitus, past participle of tacēre “to say nothing, be silent.” Tacēre and its derivatives come from an uncommon Proto-Indo-European root tak-, takē- “to be silent.” Tak- regularly becomes thah- in Germanic, yielding Gothic thahan “to keep silent, hold one’s peace,” and Old Icelandic thagna “become silent.” Tak- in Celtic yields Welsh tagu and Breton taga “strangling, choking” (one way of obtaining silence). Taciturn entered English in the 18th century.

- coffers[kaw-ferz, kof-erz]: (noun) 재원, funds, especially of a government or corporation.
  - EXAMPLE: The team required shareholders to buy six season tickets, hoping to fill the bleachers and the coffers in a single go.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: English coffers, “treasury, funds,” is the plural of coffer, “box, chest (for valuables).” The Middle English cofre (and coffre, coffer) had the same senses in the singular and plural. Middle English cofre comes from Old French cofre, from Latin cophinus “basket, hamper,” from Greek kóphinos “big basket; unit of measure.” Cophinus, going the easy way, yields coffin in English via Old French coffin “basket; coffer; sarcophagus.” (Latin ph from Greek words frequently becomes f in the Romance languages.) Cophinus, going the hard way, becomes cophn(o); the n then dissimilates to r, cofn(o) becoming cofre, just as Latin Londinium “London” becomes Londn(ium), the second n dissimilating to Londr- (Londres in Modern French). Coffers entered English in the 13th century.

- déjà vu[dey-zhah voo]: (noun) 데자부, the illusion of having previously experienced something actually being encountered for the first time.
  - EXAMPLE: That’s how one man felt because of his recurring episodes of deja vu.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The late, great social philosopher Lawrence “Yogi” Berra is credited with saying “It’s déjà vu all over again,” referring to Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris constantly hitting back-to-back home runs for the Yankees in the early ’60s. This “Yogi-ism” aside, déjà vu, literally “already seen,” is the illusion of having previously experienced something actually being encountered for the first time, a term used in psychology. The phrase is French; it was first used and perhaps coined by Emile Boirac (1851–1917), a French philosopher and parapsychologist. Déjà “already” comes from Old French des ja “from now on”; des comes from Vulgar Latin dex or de ex, a combination of Latin prepositions dē “of, from” and ex “out, out of.” Ja “now, already,” comes from the Latin adverb jam with the same meaning. Vu comes from Vulgar Latin vidūtus or vedūtus, equivalent to Latin vīsus, past participle of vidēre “to see.” Déjà vu entered English in the early 20th century.

- sojourn[soh-jurn]: (noun) 체류, 임시 거주, a temporary stay.
  - EXAMPLE: Nevertheless, in this mansion of gloom I now proposed to myself a sojourn of some weeks.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: The noun sojourn means “a temporary stay.” The verb sojourn, “to stay for a time, reside temporarily,” has several dozen Middle English spellings: sojournen, sojourni, suggorn, suggeourn, etc. The Middle English forms derive from equally exuberant Old French forms, for example, sejorner, sojorner, sojourneir, sojurner, and Anglo-French forms, for example, sojurner, sujurner. The French forms derive from an unrecorded Vulgar Latin verb subdiurnāre “to stay for a time,” a compound of the preposition and prefix sub, sub-, here meaning “a little, for a while” and the Latin verb diurnāre “to live for a long time,” a derivative of the Latin adjective diurnus “belonging to the daytime, occurring every day.” Sojourn entered English in the 13th century.

- adamantine[ad-uh-man-teen]: (adjective) 철석같은, utterly unyielding or firm in attitude or opinion.
  - EXAMPLE: Her dedication to the pursuit of equality for the masses was adamantine, however.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: Adamantine “unyielding in attitude or opinion; too hard to cut, break, or pierce; like a diamond (in luster)” comes from Middle English adama(u)ntin, from the Middle French adjective adamantin (feminine adamantine), from Latin adamantinus “pertaining to diamondlike adamant or steel; resembling diamonds (saxa adamantina), from Greek adamántinos, an adjective derived from the noun adámas (stem adamant-) “steel (the hardest metal); diamond.” The traditional etymology for adámas is the corresponding adjective meaning “unbreakable,” somehow a derivative of damân “to tame, subdue,” with the privative prefix a-; more likely adámas is a loanword from Semitic. Adamantine entered English in the first half of the 13th century.

- rebus[ree-buhs]: (noun) 그림, 글자 조합 수수께끼, a representation of a word or phrase by pictures, symbols, etc., that suggest that word or phrase or its syllables.
  - EXAMPLE: Two gates and a head is a rebus for Gateshead.
  - ORIGIN OF THE WORD: A rebus is a representation of a word or phrase by pictures or symbols suggesting that word or phrase or its syllables. Rebuses were formerly very popular with children in the Sunday funnies. The origin of rebus is disputed, but the most likely source is Latin rēbus “by things,” the ablative plural of the grievously overworked noun rēs “thing, matter, circumstance, affair, property, wealth, etc.” Rēbus is short for nōn verbīs sed rēbus “not by words but by things.” Some French authorities claim that rebus comes from the Latin phrase dē rēbus quae geruntur “concerning the affairs that are going on,” alluding to the satirical pieces composed and performed by the clerks of Picardy (northwest France) in the annual carnival, but this usage is later than attestations of rebus in the sense “puzzle.” Rebus entered English in the early 17th century.

## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17
## 교정 2020-07-17

## 교정 2020-07-29

[✘] I visited a hospital.
[✔︎] I went to the hospital earlier today.

[✘] I surely make reservation.
[✔︎] I am sure that I made a reservation.

[✘] It's not normal.
[✔︎] It's unusual.

[✘] Everyone keep waiting.
[✔︎] Everyone kept waiting.

[✘] Maybe I late.
[✔︎] Maybe I will be late.

[✘] There is many games.
[✔︎] There are many kinds of games.

[✘] I did not played.
[✔︎] I haven't played it yet.

[✘] When I play I don't feel...
[✔︎] Whenever I play games, I don't feel anything.

## 교정 2020-07-28

[✘] Try one more.
[✔︎] Please try again one more time.

[✘] You need for sure.
[✔︎] You need to make sure.

[✘] My mom, she know.
[✔︎] My mom knows how to cook crab.

[✘] I want to someone make food for me.
[✔︎] I want someone who can cook for me.

[✘] I still didn't went to gym.
[✔︎] I haven't been going to the gym lately.

[✘] In my plan, one hour.
[✔︎] My original plan is to stay for an hour.

[✘] They have possibility for endurance this situation.
[✔︎] There is a possibility that they can endure this situation.

[✘] What is recommendable to me?
[✔︎] What should be recommended to me?

## 교정 2020-07-27

[✘] I played 20 hours continuously.
[✔︎] I played for 20 hours straight.

[✘] Another guys.
[✔︎] Other guys.

[✘] I can meet stranger.
[✔︎] I am able to meet a new person/ stranger.

[✘] Not enough for me.
[✔︎] That's still not enough for me.

[✘] Can I get bring my coffee?
[✔︎] Can I get my coffee?

[✘] I subscribed Netflix.
[✔︎] I have subscribed on Netflix.

[✘] Hold one hand.
[✔︎] Can it be held by one hand?

[✘] Is this exactly what you bag?
[✔︎] Is this the bag that you bought?

[✘] Coach is brand?
[✔︎] Coach is the name of the brand?

## 교정 2020-07-24

[✘] I was played with American in video game.
[✔︎] I played with an American in a video game yesterday.

[✘] Did you eat the pill?
[✔︎] Did you take some medicine?

[✘] I'm so exciting.
[✔︎] I'm so excited.

[✘] I'm worry about if I wrong.
[✔︎] I'm worried if my grammar will be wrong.

[✘] I just hope my pronounce is okay when I talking to him.
[✔︎] I just hope that my pronunciation is okay when I talk to him.

[✘] That's point of view when they saw the cats.
[✔︎] That's their point of view when it comes to cats.

## 교정 2020-07-23

[✘] skinny jacket
[✔︎] thin jacket

[✘] They help us relax to our mind.
[✔︎] They help us relax.

[✘] They hair is flying everywhere.
[✔︎] Their hair can get everywhere.

[✘] Looks smart.
[✔︎] They look smart.

[✘] Some fox which is became pet...
[✔︎] Some foxes that became pets...

[✘] They hair is no longer soft.
[✔︎] Their hair is no longer soft.

[✘] I just heard that.
[✔︎] I just heard about that.

[✘] What think I am.
[✔︎] What do I think about it.

[✘] When Cropper has injury.
[✔︎] When Cropper was injured.

## 교정 2020-07-22

[✘] It's like automatic mechanism.
[✔︎] It's like an automatic response.

[✘] Common too here.
[✔︎] It's also common here.

[✘] They like order to delivery food.
[✔︎] They like to order food via delivery.

[✘] You don't drink liquid?
[✔︎] You don't drink alcohol?

[✘] I just want to expression...
[✔︎] I just want to express...

[✘] I just memory it.
[✔︎] I just need to memorize it.

[✘] We don't bow to friends or younger.
[✔︎] We don't normally bow to our friends or someone younger.

[✘] New guy I have never meet.
[✔︎] New person that I have never met before. / stranger

[✘] Are A and B the same means?
[✔︎] Do A and B have the same meaning?

## 교정 2020-07-21

[✘] I agree for them.
[✔︎] I agree with this.

[✘] Every humans lives matter.
[✔︎] Every human's life matters.

[✘] Burn the car.
[✔︎] They burn the cars.

[✘] The black guys, after stolen.
[✔︎] The black guys will burn it after stealing it.

[✘] Koreans underestimate southeast asian.
[✔︎] Koreans usually underestimate southeast asians.

[✘] Related to economy.
[✔︎] It is related to the economy.

[✘] I didn't mean it.
[✔︎] That's not what I mean.

[✘] We need educate more.
[✔︎] We need to be educated more.

[✘] Chinese also difficult.
[✔︎] Chinese is also difficult to learn.

## 인용구

- Love is moral even without legal marriage, but marriage is immoral without love.
- Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
- Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
- Patience is the companion of wisdom.
- Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.
- Love has no errors, for all errors are the want for love.
- Metaphors have a way of holding the most truth in the least space.
